0.1.0 (2024-03-27)
==================

Breaking Changes
----------------

- Add role model to Horizon. (:issue:`27`)


Features
--------

- Add ``Namespace History``. Now it is possible to view paginated history of actions for specific namespace. (:issue:`24`)
- Restrict deletion of ``Namespace`` if there are any  ``hwms`` related to it. (:issue:`25`)
- Add ``owner_id`` field to ``Namespace`` model to keep track of the owner of the namespace. (:issue:`26`)
- - Add new API endpoint ``PATCH /namespace/:id/permissions`` for updating the permissions of users within a namespace.
  - Add new API endpoint ``GET /namespace/:id/permissions`` for fetching the permissions of users within a specific namespace.
  - Extend the Python client library with methods ``get_namespace_permissions`` and ``update_namespace_permissions`` to interact with the new API endpoints. (:issue:`29`)
- Add docs for Horizon **Role Model** at ``/permissions/index.html``. (:issue:`31`)
- Add support for managing ``SUPERADMIN`` roles. (:issue:`36`)
- - Add new API endpoint ``DELETE /hwm/`` for bulk deletion of High Water Marks (HWMs) by namespace_id and a list of hwm_ids.
  - Extend the Python client library with the method ``bulk_delete_hwm`` to interact with the new bulk delete HWM API endpoint. (:issue:`37`)
- - Add new API endpoint ``POST /hwm/copy`` endpoint for copying HWMs between namespaces, with optional history copying.
  - Extend the Python client library with the method ``copy_hwms`` to support the new HWM copy functionality. (:issue:`42`)


Improvements
------------

- Fix documentation examples.

  Make documentation more user-friendly. (:issue:`20`)
